[Music]
mr ward
how would you like to make 50 million
dollars
on a warm summer's evening on a train
bound for nowhere i met up with a
gambler
we were both too tired to sleep so we
took
turns of staring out the window at the
darkness
the boredom overtook us and he began to
speak
he said son i've made a life
out of reading people's faces think
about it
everything we did all
[Music]
we did something just for us
you ready to play there's 200 million
dollars in the vault beneath the strip
with a 32-hour window to get it out
find the safe this should be a simple
in and out
it's not too late to go back
[Music]
what
they're not what you think they are
they're smarter
they're faster they're organized
they'll be timing
what is this there's a goddamn
zombie tiger that's crossing the line
know when to fall down
[Music]
you